In this file are listed all parameters that can be chosen in the various models. A more detailed definition of the various matrices can be found in my thesis as well as in the actual code as comments 


LOOPNUMBER ... Number of Monte-Carlo loops
SIZE ... Matrix Size
NUMMAT ... Number of Matrices in Model
PARG ... Parameter 'g' in one definition of 2MM
MASS ... Mass Parameter
THERM ... Number of Monte-Carlo loops excluded from computation of observables
STEPS ... Number of Integration steps done per Monte-Carlo loop
STEP ... Defines after how many Monte-Carlo steps Observables are computed
MULT ... Multiplication factor of random position matrix in 2MM; increase for 'hotter' random configuration
EPS ... Size of initial integration step; later adjusted such that acceptance rate is within specified interval
LACC ... lower boundary of acceptance rate
UACC ... upper boundary of acceptance rate
PATHOUT ... Path where output files are saved
EVstore ... if eigenvalues shall be evaluated during simulation and only distribution stored = 0; if EV's shall be stored set to 1
compEV ... 1 if EV's or its distribution of individual matrices shall be computed
compComm ... 1 if EV's or distribution of commutator shall be computed
compC ... 1 if EV's of matrix C or its distribution shall be computed
compD ... 1 if EV's of Dirac operator as defined in thesis or its distribution shall be computed
compB ... 1 if EV's or distribution of EV's for matrix B shall be computed
compTraces ... 1 if some Correlation functions shall be computed
compPhi ... if Ev's or the distribution of matrix \Phi in 2MM shall be computed
compGdd ... 1 if EV distribution for stress-energy-tensor shall be computed
compOffDiag ... if EV's or distribution of offDiagonal modes of individual matrices shall be computed
ALPHATILDE ... value of coupling constant
LAMBDA ... value of second coupling constant in modified 8MM
START ... defines starting configuration of matrices (hot start, cold start, ....);
          1 ... hot start
          0 ... cold start in SU(3) config
          2 ... cold start in SU(2) config; together with dias=1 generates SU(2)xU(1) configuration
          3,4 ... different SU(2) configurations in 8MM
MOMMULT ... Multplication factor for generation of random momenta in HMC routine; increase to obtain higher random momenta
PATHIN ... for ErrorEval and EVEvaluation; path to input file that shall be evaluated
ALPHA ... value of coupling constant 
Position ... number of Monte-Carlo loop from which computation of observable shall be started
loops ... number of Monte-Carlo loops which shall be taken into account for computation of observables 
step ... distance between MC-Steps that shall be used for computation of observables
STEPS ... distance between MC-Steps that shall be used for computation of observables
BINWIDTH ... width of bins that shall be used for the computation of the EV distribution
REPS ... defines which representation to use; e.g.: reps = n-1 for SU(2); must be n<=MATRIX_SIZE !!!!; 
         one can put more representations into one matrix, say n_1, n_2 where n_1 + n_2 <= MATRIX_SIZE; the syntax is n_1-n_2-n_3-........
DIAG ... for 8MM; if set to 1 variable START must be 2!!!; if 1 simulation starts in SU(2)xU(1) configuration
PROP1, PROP2 ... variables specify the free parameters in U(1) generator; as matrices in these models are traceless size of U(1) rep is always smaller MATRIX_SIZE and we thus have 2   
                 free parameters u,v (see thesis p.117)
